Ensure "simpl never" is respected in presence of aliases (#13448)
coq/coq: doc/changelog/04-tactics/13428-simpl-never-delta.rst

- **Fixed:**
  The :tacn:`simpl` tactic now respects the :n:`simpl never` flag even

>   when the subject function is referred to through an other definition.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  when the subject function is referred to through another definition.
```
